let's start straight away with
masterminded Paul and and and there's
been lots to talk about you know gap how
easy or difficult to keep the thought of
it during his career was what's the real
story and what shape is he in now yeah
it's no problem at all really since he
had a breeding up in the summaries at
different horse confidence ability
everything he were brewing the other day
he looks fantastic he's jumping great he
keeps on drifting which makes me laugh
and I think you know he's not favored
now so the pressures off him but he said
different also what he was this time
last year the only concern is the ground
a little bit but then when he want to
ask her in end of October the ground was
good that day and it was as impressive
that day as I've seen him for a long
time when he ran a task in January it
was bottomless which probably didn't
suit him and once they've had a breeding
operation to be honest with you didn't
want the ground that soft what I think
about the briefing uprising what does it
send it wear off a little bit that know
you feel it assign the first doing what
we did yes it's not like the medication
oh you mean if you do them in a bit he's
a permanent though he is working the
other day against caught oh and and I
mean he's pulling his back teeth out
he's he's working like he used to and
and I think he's got a fantastic chance
the horse to beat is he fresh enough
he's had a few started it supposed to be
is the favorite one last year obviously
you got respected but last year I had
problems I had none this year he went in
January he wasn't probably at his best I
was running and he's very he's lethal
when he's very fresh and very fit and
he's there at the moment fresh enough
after those few starts early on you oh
that was January he's fine now okay he's
the one to be what the exception I mean
I'm the one who's the favorite okay big
shed the one to be Johnny I think Paul
is kind of sit in a ball cancer I can't
believe he's drift and why isn't he
favored but big there should be favored
for her I think I think mastermind is
definitely the class act and the race I
mean just you will be worried that Paul
called him an enigma after the race last
or anything Ruby said he didn't let
himself down on the ground you think it
was that he just can't breathe yeah do
you think it was grounded do you think I
think he was just breathing because I
think a lot of people will go on that
what Ruby said after a slicer that am
he was never gonna not sure Evan oh and
if you take if you take Matt you take
masterminded out of this race which is
clearly a massive loss to the races form
you know for patty the plaster and it's
not it's a talking about big zebras I
think he is very solid and I think the
ground isn't an issue farm he was
beating the last day because he talked
to front far too soon and I don't think
this horse does a tap in front and even
even this day you'll see but 150 yards
from home and Gareth he's kind of
worrying about the heart stopped and I
think and I think he's very very solid I
don't think he has the ability of
masterminded column if masterminded gets
his ground I think he'd beaten but i'm
not i'm not quite sure he will okay that
was big Zeb winning last year where he
was foot perfect which of course he
hasn't always been in his in his career
another Irish Wars which a long time
since he's made a mistake it is this is
energies jump perfect hasn't he recently
sizing Europe who they tried to make it
to a three mile chaser it didn't work
out what's the latest on him he's he's
no chance as far as I can see em I mean
he was there I'm lie down bishop I'm
polite ok maybe he needed the wrong
behind big Zeb the last say he wanna he
won the Oracle have I did you know then
he ran a punch down he was well and
truly put in his place by by the likes
of fatty the plaster and I don't I'd I
couldn't see I don't think he's good
enough ok we'll move on to em boy so
after classes turn around before that's
ok tell you I figured take away Martin
was a worse two male champion chase I've
ever seen last year what price was big
Zeb anybody ten to one now he's free to
one why tell me what he's done he's
beating gold and silver got beaten by
him every time he's runs oh what's that
bit of tape they're awful he's running
on game that he and they keep making
excuses for his last run for me just
wasn't finishing the race I cannot
believe he's favorite for this race if
that all swings i'll go back on the
stage so what is going to win it well I
back welcome funny at 16 after it ran
that bad children we did a faster time
than the masterminded when it was 16 at
one time that's any relevant in your
time should we be seriously considering
if I don't look at times and all
you're very silly listen if in the
matter Walkom folly would have his grain
and he's 12 handicap someone well but he
got stuffed in ashes are called
admittedly the only time he's ever been
beaten Sam filling and like yeah but I
couldn't ever had woken following the
same breath as masterminded are still
don't if he wins course I'll be
delighted when I'm editing my days at
one of these prices there for 21
mastermind is massive he's absolutely
massive master my webinar masterminding
one in 2008 I've never in 25 seen a
performance like it shown him is
flabbergasted you can't go back to 2008
that was a one-off he won he's won since
this year he's won three out of three
two grade ones you won the tingle Creek
charm on good ground I just look into
that it's not good same as a phone
perspective will forget about it we
can't know we just remember that was a
five year old and you know what everyone
might have just you know got carried
away with that one run that day but he's
eating inside so you can fix up my other
favorite it's no it's no good pursuing
it count you've done your dose three
years ago he's not winning unless
something goes wrong with honest any
won't win I'd be surprised if he won't I
think CAG Scott right mad mad mad well
make it because he's got tube in his
bloody throat now so you don't want a
much mud thrown in that so he want to be
out in front well you going with his
mill Gibson riding them right
it's not going to come to that it's not
going to come to that a word from us or
matter to me exercising you it before we
close on this I'm here to get views from
other people might one of the best horse
I've ever bought ever likely to buy and
I'm going to be firmly in his camp we're
involved with wool con Foley as well and
I'll be hugging you if he wins i'm
thinking you I've heard about you a
public in was happier the old leapfrog
after lighter I've read the barrel of
the land or donated by their will see
you in the next big johnny is here he
likes well I few lights young Irish boy
you betta move on people move on time
for some way very quickly of dullness as
a speedy summation the fact that the
guys have gum around in circles i think
tells the story i think is a very very
difficult race to handle a mastermind
its form this year is the best form in
the race here i personally personally do
you think that race or so did you right
now I mean from Padma lastra had to come
up with the ambulance ever been a big
white thing beat it big zip big Zeb's
behind work and folly let alone mark I
agree with you mean I think I'm behind
the right person what puts me off really
getting stuck into masterminded is that
my impression remains that he's still
nowadays he does need some dig in the
ground look I'm have to be proved the
best thing about better as we can lay
offs in there we couldn't that's Andy's
beg said was ten to one laughing again
he should be around that price he's free
to one well you call them at that price
you can back your horse masterminded of
course we thought you think it's a very
very very very big prize